This is ah, really complex question. It really depends on what you've
done for your career, how broad it was and mainly what job you expect
to have once your complete as an electrician's. Um, of course, I'm
gonna have that, uh, eight years that I had and there's so many things
that that go into it. There's the schooling that I had there the
you know, grad level, um, classes that I took during my school. Um,
there's the extra classes that I took while I was on my ship there.
The college classes that I took while I was on my ship. And toward
the end of my career, I had all of that supervisory, um, supervisory
roles that I could also put, um, saying that I had experience with.
So if I got a job as a nuclear operator at the end, all that years,
all of those years would contribute to getting that, uh, that job.
I have eight years off doing that job. However, if I chose to change
my career, which is exactly what I did then I don't have to throw all
of those away, But I can't really, um, depend on the the nuclear
aspects of it. I'm a computer scientist. I'm in the i t field, so they
don't really care that I know how toe do, uh, how to change pumps
or how toe check voltage that that doesn't really apply toe apply to
that. But what they do care about is, um, the leadership roles that
have had the fact that I'm a veteran the fact that I can actually
teach myself the fact that I did two years off training in the in the
most difficult, um, things that you can imagine as an American. Um,
all of that kind of gives me a bump up. Um, but yeah, you just have
to make sure that it relates to the job that you're gonna get, um,
once you get out